PREVIOUSLY ON "ALL AMERICAN"...
I HAD AN AFFAIR
WITH GRACE JAMES.
GRACE, VOICE-OVER: I'M GONNA GET
A PATERNITY TEST DONE.
YOU DESERVE TO KNOW
IF DILLON IS YOUR SON OR NOT.
I THINK WE SHOULD LEAVE
WELL ENOUGH ALONE.
CARA: WHO KEEPS
BLOWING YOU UP?
WHO THE HELL IS SIMONE?
N-NOBODY.
GIVE ME MY PHONE.
- OH, MY GOD! AAH!
- OH, NO! NO, NO, NO!
LAURA: YOU ARE GROUNDED
FOR AS LONG AS I CAN
LEGALLY GROUND YOU,
AND YOUR BIRTHDAY
PARTY IS CANCELED.
THIS IS MY DAD,
CLIFF MOSLEY,
LEAD BOOSTER
AND LEAD MEMBER OF
YOUR EVER-EXPANDING
FAN CLUB.
CLIFF: WE GOT TO GET
THAT DINNER ON THE BOOKS
ONE OF THESE NIGHTS.
- WHAT ARE THESE?
- LETTERS TO MY BOYS,
SAYING GOOD-BYE.
BILLY: COREY, DON'T DO THIS
TO YOUR FAMILY. COREY!
SPENCER: LAYLA, THINGS HAVE BEEN
KINDA DIFFERENT WITH YOU LATELY.
OLIVIA: I'VE SEEN
DEPRESSION, AND THERE ARE
DEFINITELY SIGNS THERE.
- WHAT SHOULD I DO?
- I'VE GOT TO CALL HER POPS.
LAYLA: I DON'T REALLY
WANT TO HEAR IT.
YOU CAN JUST GET OUT.
- LAYLA--
- GET OUT!
WE WERE JUST WORRIED
ABOUT YOU.
I GET THAT, ESPECIALLY
AFTER WHATEVER SPENCER WAS
TELLING YOU, BUT I'M FINE.
WELL, JUST REMEMBER,
THIS IS BECAUSE WE
CARE ABOUT YOU.
WHAT IS?
HI, HONEY.
DAD?
WHAT IS THIS?
WHY DON'T YOU HAVE
A SEAT, HONEY?
DR. GURMAN
WILL EXPLAIN.
EVERYONE GATHERED HERE
TODAY LOVES YOU, LAYLA...
BUT THEY'RE SCARED.
MAJOR DEPRESSIVE DISORDER
AFFECTS MILLIONS OF PEOPLE
ACROSS THE COUNTRY.
TEENS TODAY ARE FACED
WITH SO MUCH PRESSURE
TO BE PERFECT.
WE'RE GATHERED HERE TODAY
BECAUSE YOUR FRIENDS
AND FAMILY ARE CONCERNED
ABOUT YOUR ERRATIC BEHAVIOR
AND LOSS OF INTEREST
IN DAILY ACTIVITIES.
DOCTOR: WE'RE HERE
TO GIVE YOU HELP.
YOUR FATHER AND I
HAVE AGREED THAT
AN INPATIENT TREA--
WAIT.
I MEAN, YOU WANT TO
HAVE ME COMMITTED?
- NO ONE WANTS YOU COMMITTED.
- I KNOW WHAT "INPATIENT
TREATMENT" MEANS.
THIS IS
RIDICULOUS. NO.
I KNOW THAT THIS IS
DIFFICULT, BUT YOUR
BEHAVIOR HAS RAISED QUES--
ACCORDING TO THEM,
TO MY EX-BOYFRIEND
AND PRINCESS REHAB HERE,
THEY SAY I'VE BEEN
ACTING DIFFERENTLY,
SO ALL OF A SUDDEN,
YOU ALL AGREE I NEED
PROFESSIONAL HELP.
OLIVIA:
COME ON. THE LIES?
I MEAN, YOU
TRASHED YOUR OWN HOUSE.
WE SAW YOUR HOTEL ROOM.
SPENCER: PLEASE DON'T
ACT LIKE WE'RE JUST
MAKING THIS UP, LAYLA.
I SEEN THE CUTS
ON YOUR ARM.
STOPPED WEARING
THE BRACELETS
THAT WERE CAUSING
THE CUTS, SEE? HEALED.
AND I AM NOT
THE ONLY TEENAGER
WHO SKIPPED CLASS
OR HAS A MESSY ROOM.
LOOK, I AGREE I
COULD HAVE...HANDLED
THE BREAK-IN BETTER,
BUT...I WAS SCARED.
W-W-WHY DIDN'T YOU TELL ME?
BECAUSE I SHOULDN'T
HAVE HAD TO TELL YOU.
YOU SHOULD HAVE
COME HOME.
YOU SHOULD HAVE KNOWN
WHAT WAS GOING ON.
YOU SHOULD HAVE...
BEEN MY DAD.
COULDN'T WE JUST TALK,
JUST YOU AND ME?
PLEASE, JUST YOU AND ME?
- S-SURE, SURE, OK.
MR. KEATING, IT'S NORMAL
TO FEEL GUILTY, BUT--
YOU DID SAY THERE WERE OTHER
OUTPATIENT OPTIONS, RIGHT?
SORRY.
MY MOM'S BEEN
CALLING NONSTOP.
HEY, HEY, WHAT'S UP?
DILLON: "I WANT YOU TO KNOW
"THAT I'M PROUD OF YOU
"AND THE LITTLE MAN
THAT YOU'RE BECOMING.
"I COULDN'T HAVE ASKED
FOR A BETTER SON,
"AND I'M SO SORRY I COULDN'T
BE A BETTER FATHER.
"I WANT YOU TO KNOW THAT I'LL
ALWAYS LOVE YOU.
DAD."
DILLON: HE BOUGHT US TICKETS
TO THE COMIC EXPO THIS WEEKEND.
I MEAN, WHY WOULD HE DO THAT
IF HE WAS JUST GONNA LEAVE?
BILLY:
I WISH I HAD MORE
ANSWERS FOR YOU, MAN.
COREY JUST ASKED ME
TO DROP THE LETTERS OFF.
HE DIDN'T SAY
NOTHING TO YOU
AT THE REUNION?
NOTHING THAT WOULD
EXPLAIN WHY HE'D DO THIS,
AGAIN.
DILLON: IF HE DIDN'T
WANT TO GO TO THE EXPO,
HE COULD HAVE
JUST SAID THAT.
I MEAN, WE COULD HAVE
PRACTICED FOOTBALL
IF THAT'S WHAT HE
WANTED. I COULD--
HEY! THIS AIN'T
ON YOU, A'IGHT?
NOTHING YOU DID
OR DIDN'T DO MADE
COREY LEAVE.
AIN'T NOBODY TO BLAME
FOR THIS BUT COREY,
YOU HEAR ME, DILLON?
SPENCER, PLEASE.
SPENCER: I'M SORRY, MA,
BUT IT'S THE TRUTH,
AND THE SOONER WE ALL
ACCEPT THAT, THE BETTER.
WE'VE ALL GOT A LOT
TO PROCESS--
COME ON! WHAT'S
THE PROCESS?
I REMEMBER ALL THIS
FROM WHEN COREY LEFT
THE FIRST TIME.
I SPENT YEARS ASKING
MYSELF WHAT I DID
TO MAKE HIM LEAVE,
WHAT I COULD HAVE DONE
TO MAKE HIM STAY, HOW
COULD I BRING HIM BACK.
I'M NOT DOING
THAT AGAIN!
I'M SORRY, LITTLE MAN.
I KNOW THIS SUCKS,
BUT I'MA TELL YOU WHAT
I WISH SOMEBODY HAD
TOLD ME BACK THEN.
COREY LEFT 'CAUSE
THAT'S WHO HE IS--
NOT A HUSBAND,
NOT A FATHER,
JUST A DISAPPOINTMENT.
AND THE SOONER WE
PUT HIM BEHIND US
THE BETTER.
PACKED YOU A LUNCH.
YOU BETTER HURRY IF YOU
DON'T CATCH THE EXPRESS.
I'M GONNA WALK
DILLON TO SCHOOL.
AND MISS YOUR
FIRST PERIOD?
LETTING HIM KNOW I'M HERE FOR
HIM IS MORE IMPORTANT RIGHT NOW.
IS THAT WHAT YOU WERE
DOING LAST NIGHT?
I SHOULDN'T HAVE RAISED
MY VOICE, A'IGHT? I'M SORRY.
SPENCER, HONEY,
IT'S OK TO HURT.
BUT DON'T
BOTTLE IT UP.
TALK TO ME.
AIN'T GOT TO WORRY
ABOUT ME, MA. I'M FINE.
DILLON, LET'S BOUNCE.
HEY.
GRACE: PACKED YOU
TWO DESSERTS TODAY.
THANK YOU.
LOOK, YOU DON'T HAVE
TO WALK ME TO SCHOOL.
I GOT IT.
- YOU SURE?
- LIKE YOU SAID,
THE SOONER WE PUT HIM
BEHIND US THE BETTER.
♪ YEAH, I REMEMBER
THOSE SUNNY DAZE ♪
♪ BACK WHEN WE WERE YOUNG,
WE WERE ALL JUST... ♪
OK, I'M STILL NOT TALKING
TO YOU FOR CRASHING MY CAR,
GETTING OUR PHONES TAKEN,
AND BIRTHDAY CANCELED--
AND YET HERE YOU ARE,
TALKING TO ME.
DON'T BE AN ASS, OK?
THIS IS SERIOUS.
HAVE YOU HEARD FROM SPENCER?
HE MISSED FIRST PERIOD.
NO, AND I STILL CAN'T
BELIEVE COREY GHOSTED AGAIN.
WELL, YEAH,
AND WITH HIS DAD GONE
AND THE WHOLE BREAK-UP
WITH LAYLA, I MEAN, HE'S
GONNA NEED US TO TALK TO.
LOOK, LIV, IF HE
WANTS TO TALK TO US,
HE'LL TALK, OK?
IF HE WANTS TO COME
TO CLASS, HE'LL COME.
IT DOESN'T ALWAYS HELP
TO BUTT YOUR NOSE IN.
YEAH, I KINDA LEARNED
THAT LESSON YESTERDAY
WITH LAYLA'S
FAILED INTERVENTION.
OH, MY GOD. THERE SHE IS.
THERE SHE IS. WHAT DO I DO?
JORDAN: WELL, YOU'RE
ASKING ME NOW?
LAYLA:
HAPPY BIRTHDAY, BAKERS!
I STILL CAN'T BELIEVE
YOUR MOM CANCELED YOUR PARTY.
JORDAN:
YEAH, ME, EITHER.
IT'S A BUMMER.
IT'S OK. WE'LL MAKE UP
FOR IT NEXT YEAR.
FOR SURE.
OK.
- SHE SEEMS FINE.
- FINE?
JORDAN, I TRIED
TO HAVE HER COMMITTED,
LIKE, YESTERDAY, AND SHE
JUST GAVE ME A HUG.
THAT IS NOT FINE.
YOU SHOULD REALLY TRY
TO HAVE A MORE POSITIVE
OUTLOOK IN LIFE, SIS.
♪ WHAT CAN I DO
TO MAKE YOU GO ♪
♪ AND LEAVE ME LONELY? ♪
♪ WHO COULD I BE
TO MAKE YOU UNDERSTAND? ♪
GRACE: TAMIA.
I'M SORRY TO BOTHER YOU.
YOU AIN'T BOTHERING
ME, MISS GRACE.
MORE LIKE
SAVING ME FROM THESE
LINEAR EQUATIONS
AND THE REST
OF THIS CRAZINESS.
YOUR MOTHER MENTIONED
I'D FIND YOU HERE.
HAVE YOU HEARD
FROM SPENCER?
I'M SORRY
ABOUT MR. JAMES.
SO SPENCER TALKED TO YOU.
I MEAN, "TALKING"
IS A STRETCH.
IT WAS LITERALLY
JUST ONE TEXT.
BUT DON'T WORRY,
I'LL WEAR HIM DOWN
EVENTUALLY.
THANK YOU.
NOW, YOU OK,
MS. GRACE?
YEAH.
YEAH, IT'S JUST...
SPENCER'S ALWAYS TRYING
TO PROTECT ME, YOU KNOW?
HEY, THAT'S SPENCER.
AS A MOTHER,
YOU'RE SUPPOSED TO BE
STRONG FOR YOUR KIDS.
WHY DOES IT ALWAYS SEEM
LIKE IT'S THE OTHER WAY
AROUND WITH HIM?
SOMETIMES I JUST WONDER IF
I'VE DONE MY JOB AS HIS MOM.
COME ON, MS. GRACE.
THAT'S CRAZY.
EVERYBODY KNOWS
SPENCER AND DILLON ARE
LUCKY AS HELL TO HAVE
YOU AS THEIR MOMS.
ALL RIGHT, SPENCER
DOESN'T PUT HIS PROBLEMS
ON OTHER PEOPLE
BECAUSE HE CARES
ABOUT 'EM; I MEAN, HE
GOES ABOUT IT STUPID,
BUT IT'S ONLY
BECAUSE HE CARES,
AND THAT'S FROM YOU.
ALL RIGHT?
HEY, STRANGER,
GOT A MINUTE?
- GOT TO GET HOME.
- OK, WELL,
I CAN TAKE YOU HOME
AFTER YOU GO TO DINNER
WITH ME AND MY DAD.
WE HAVE A PRIVATE ROOM
AT THE LOBSTER TAIL,
7 P.M.
- CAN'T TONIGHT. SORRY.
- MY DAD'S GONNA START
TAKING THIS PERSONALLY.
DARNELL: YO, SPENCER.
WHAT THE HELL
ARE YOU DOING HERE?
YOU AND I GOT TO TALK.
COACH BAKER SAID
YOU WERE ON A BUS
BACK TO NEVADA.
NAH, I AIN'T GOING NOWHERE
TILL I FIGURE OUT
WHY COREY LEFT.
I AIN'T GOT NOTHIN'
FOR YOU, MAN.
NAH, I THINK YOU DO.
IN FACT, I THINK YOU GOT
SOMETHING TO DO WITH IT.
YOU GOT TWO SECONDS
TO GET YOUR HANDS
OFF ME, HOMIE.
I TOLD YOU, I AIN'T
GOT NO ANSWERS
FOR YOU, A'IGHT?
YOU EXPECT ME TO
BELIEVE HE JUST LEFT?
NO REASON,
NO EXPLANATION?
I DON'T GIVE A DAMN
WHAT YOU BELIEVE.
BOTH OF Y'ALL CAN GO
TO HELL FOR ALL I CARE.
YOU MUST HAVE DID
SOMETHING TO RUN HIM OFF.
ADMIT IT.
YOUR LITTLE BITCH ASS
MUST HAVE DID OR SAID
SOMETHING 'CAUSE YOU
COULDN'T STAND THE FACT
THAT I'M MORE OF A SON
TO HIM THAN YOU
WILL EVER BE.
SPENCER: YO, WHAT DO YOU THINK
OF ME NOW, DAWG?
HUH?
HEY, HEY!
GET HIM OUT OF HERE!
SPENCER: GET OFF!
GET OFF! COME ON, DAWG!
WHAT'S UP? GET OFF ME!
WHAT'S UP, MAN?!
WHAT'S UP?!
SPENCER:
YOU CALLED YOUR DAD?
BE DAMN GRATEFUL I DID.
YOU'RE FREE TO GO.
CLIFF: NO, NO, NO.
NOT YOU, SPENCER.
TAKE A SEAT.
TALKED
PRINCIPAL LONDON DOWN.
WASN'T EASY,
SO NOW, YOU'RE GONNA
RETURN THE FAVOR.
LAURA: YEAH, I'M ALREADY
ON MY WAY. I'LL SEE YOU SOON.
OH. HEY.
UH, SORRY.
I WON'T KEEP YOU.
I JUST WANTED
TO DROP OFF THESE
GIFTS FOR THE, UH,
FOR THE KIDS
FOR THE PARTY.
THE PARTY WAS
CANCELED, BILLY.
CANCELED? WHY?
YOU DO REMEMBER THE
WHOLE JORDAN CRASHING
OLIVIA'S CAR THING,
CAR THAT YOU LET HIM
DRIVE, EVEN THOUGH YOU
KNEW HE WAS GROUNDED?
YEAH, I KNOW THAT
THAT WAS MY MISTAKE,
BUT DON'T YOU THINK
YOU'RE BEING
A LITTLE EXTREME?
HEY, AND I--WHAT I
MEAN TO SAY IS THAT,
WITH EVERYTHING THAT'S
GOING ON BETWEEN US,
YOU KNOW, I JUST THINK
IT WOULD BE GOOD
IF THE KIDS FELT, UH,
I DON'T KNOW, CELEBRATED.
THE KIDS NEED STRUCTURE
AND DISCIPLINE
AND DEPENDABLE RULES,
NOT A PARTY.
I'M NOT SAYING THEY
DON'T NEED DISCIPLINE--
YOU KNOW WHAT?
I--I DON'T HAVE TIME
TO ARGUE RIGHT NOW, OK?
I JUST NEED YOU
TO BACK ME UP THIS TIME.
YEAH. OK.
HELLO?
HEY.
I TOLD YOU, DAY ONE,
FIGHTING ON CAMPUS--
COULD GET EXPELLED.
IT WAS NOTHING.
IT'S TAKEN CARE OF--
SPENCER, THERE IS NOTHING
CLIFF MOSLEY DOES FOR FREE.
LOOK, THE PRICE IS
JUST DINNER, A'IGHT?
WHICH I GOT TO GET
DRESSED FOR.
EXCUSE ME.
WELL, THEN YOU
AIN'T GOING.
I'VE SEEN THIS CAT
MANIPULATE YOUNG MEN
WITH HIS LITTLE
FATHER FIGURE ACT
TOO MANY TIMES TO LET YOU--
I'M ONLY GOING 'CAUSE I
DON'T HAVE A CHOICE,
BUT I'M NOT ABOUT
TO WALK IN THERE
ALL DOE-EYED
AND DO WHAT HE WANTS
JUST 'CAUSE HE ACT
LIKE MY DADDY, A'IGHT?
HEY.
ARE WE DONE?
THAT'S HOW YOU BREAK.
- OOH.
- THANK YOU.
I'M GLAD YOU'RE HERE,
BUT YOU REALLY DIDN'T NEED
TO RUSH ALL THE WAY
FROM TOKYO. I'M FINE.
DIDN'T SOUND LIKE IT,
AND YOU'RE GOING
TO TALK TO A THERAPIST
ONCE WE FIND
THE RIGHT ONE.
THAT'S THE DEAL.
FINE...
UM, BUT I ACTUALLY
CAN'T TONIGHT. I HAVE
A SCHOOL PROJECT.
YOU'RE NOT PUTTING
THIS OFF, LAYLA.
NO, I'M NOT.
IT'S JUST IT'S THE
ONLY NIGHT THAT WORKED
FOR JJ AND, YOU KNOW,
IF YOU'D TOLD ME YOU
WERE COMING BACK
INTO TOWN, I COULD HAVE
CLEARED MY SCHEDULE.
- JJ.
WHAT'S UP?
WELCOME HOME, MR. KEATING.
- HEY.
- JJ, WE SHOULD REALLY
START WORKING ON OUR
SOCIOLOGY PROJECT,
IF THAT'S OK
WITH YOU?
OH, HELL YEAH.
YEAH. OK, BYE, DAD.
LOVE YOU.
JJ: UM, WE DON'T REALLY
HAVE A PROJECT,
DO WE? 'CAUSE I
DO NOT REMEMBER THAT.
NO, NOT A SCHOOL ONE,
ANYWAY, BUT HOW DO YOU
FEEL ABOUT HOSTING
THE BAKER TWINS
A SURPRISE PARTY
AT YOUR HOUSE?
- HELL YEAH.
- OK, TONIGHT,
UH, YOU MAKE SURE
JORDAN AND OLIVIA
ARE THERE.
I'LL TAKE CARE
OF EVERYTHING ELSE.
- I WON'T TAKE NO FOR AN ANSWER.
SO, DO YOU WANT TO PLAY
A GAME OR SOMETHING?
WHAT? I GET BORED
WALKING HOME, LIV.
OH, AND WHOSE
FAULT IS IT THAT
WE'RE WALKING?
OK, LOOK, I ALREADY LOST
MY CAR, PHONE, AND BIRTHDAY.
I DON'T NEED
THE ATTITUDE AS WELL.
WELL, CONSIDERING
I LOST MY CAR, PHONE,
AND BIRTHDAY BECAUSE
OF YOUR ATTITUDE,
YOU'RE JUST GONNA HAVE
TO LIVE WITH WHAT--WHOA!
WHOA, WHOA, WHOA!
WHAT--JJ?
- WHAT THE HELL?
- WHO'S JJ?
WHAT? WHAT ARE YOU--
AAH! AAH!
GET THIS THING OFF
MY HEAD, DUDE!
WHAT'S GOING ON?
SO NOT FUNNY, OK?
AAH! WHERE THE HELL
ARE YOU TAKING US?!
IT'S A SURPRISE!
HA HA!
OLIVIA: JJ, TAKE
THIS BLINDFOLD OFF
BEFORE I WHIP THE BLOND
OUT OF YOUR HAIR.
DUDE, FOR REAL, OK?
MY MOM'S GONNA KILL US
IF SHE FINDS
THAT WE'RE NOT HOME.
WHICH IS WHY I
KIDNAPPED YOU.
INTENT IS 90% OF THE LAW.
THERE'S NO PUNISHMENT
IF THERE'S NO INTENT
TO PARTY.
NOT YOUR WORST IDEA.
PARTY?
ALL: SURPRISE!
HEY, SHE WAS RIGHT.
WE COULDN'T LET
THE BAKER TWINS'
B-DAY GO
UN-CELEBRATED.
SHE WHO?
LAYLA: HAPPY BIRTHDAY, BAKERS!
GRAB A SHOT!
AND SELTZER FOR LIV,
OF COURSE.
COME ON.
CHEERS.
WHOO!
CLIFF: OH, WELL,
YOU CLEAN UP NICE, SON.
BILLY, I DIDN'T KNOW
YOU WERE COMING.
WHAT'S HAPPENING,
CLIFFY?
FIGURED IT SHOULDN'T
BE A PROBLEM SINCE
THERE'S NOTHING
YOU'D BE TALKING
TO MY STAR PLAYER ABOUT
THAT YOU COULDN'T SAY
IN FRONT OF ME.
I MEAN, RIGHT?
PLUS, I LOVE ME
SOME LOBSTER TAIL
IN THERMIDOR SAUCE,
OK? HA HA HA!
WELL, I HOPE YOU
BROUGHT YOUR APPETITE
'CAUSE THIS PLACE HAS
THE BEST LOBSTER IN L.A.
MY GRAMPS TOLD ME
LOBSTERS WERE THE
COCKROACHES OF THE SEA.
I DON'T EAT
BOTTOM FEEDERS.
OH, THIS IS
GONNA BE FUN.
OLIVIA: OK, YOU DON'T
ACTUALLY BELIEVE
JJ's "INTENT TO PARTY"
CRAP, RIGHT?
NO, 'COURSE NOT, OK,
BUT MOM'S GOT
THAT CAMPAIGN THING
UNTIL LATE TONIGHT,
SO WE'RE GOOD.
YOU KNOW, FEEL FREE
TO BOUNCE IF YOU'RE
SO WORRIED.
HOW HAVE YOU MISSED
THE PART WHERE I'M
CONSTANTLY BEING
PUNISHED EVERY TIME
YOU BREAK THE RULES?
JORDAN. JORDAN?
UH, IT--IT LOOKS LIKE
THEY'RE TALKING ABOUT ME.
IT'S JUST I KINDA
SORTA HOOKED UP
WITH ALL 3 OF THEM...
SEPARATELY.
IT'S JUST,
NOW THEY'RE TOGETHER,
IT'S FREAKING ME OUT.
OLIVIA: WOW, YOU'VE REALLY
LEANED INTO THIS ...
SITUATION, HAVEN'T YOU?
IT'S NOT LIKE I'M
CHEATING, ALL RIGHT?
I'VE BEEN TOTALLY HONEST
WITH ALL OF THEM.
IT'S JUST SIMONE,
THE ONE IN THE MIDDLE,
SHE'S BEEN ACTING
A LITTLE CLINGY LATELY.
HEY, LISTEN UP,
BITCHES!
IT'S TIME FOR HIDE
AND GO GET IT!
ALL: WHOO!
JJ: OK, THE RULES
ARE SIMPLE.
GUYS, HIDE ANYWHERE
IN THE HOUSE.
GIRLS, TRY
AND FIND US.
SO IT'S LIKE
HIDE AND GO SEEK?
WELL, EXCEPT IF YOU
GET FOUND, YOU HAVE
TO, YOU KNOW,
get it on.
JJ: HA HA HA!
ALL: WHOO!
OH, CRAP, CRAP, CRAP.
INCOMING.
WHERE ARE YOU GOING?
HE DOES KNOW HE'S NOT
INVISIBLE, RIGHT?
LAURA: JORDAN?
OLIVIA...
I KNOW I SAID YOUR
BIRTHDAY WAS CANCELED,
BUT...EVEN I CAN ADMIT
WHEN I'M BEING HARSH,
SORT OF.
JORDAN.
LIV?
♪ OH, YEAH ♪
HEY, SORRY I'M LATE.
YOU DOING ALL RIGHT,
BIRTHDAY GIRL?
NOT EVEN CLOSE.
JJ: ALL RIGHT, EVERYONE.
RAISE YOUR DRINKS.
ALL OF YOU KIDS CAME
FOR HIDE AND GO GET IT,
SAY, "HELL YEAH!"
ALL: HELL YEAH! WHOO!
ALL RIGHT, GUYS,
LET'S GO.
CLIFF: I'M TALKING
ABOUT BUILDING
THE BEVERLY EAGLES
INTO THE NEXT POWERHOUSE
IN HIGH SCHOOL FOOTBALL,
AND IT ALL BEGINS
WITH OUR FRANCHISE STAR.
THAT'S YOU, SON.
YOU'RE GONNA BE
THE MOST TALKED-ABOUT
HIGH SCHOOL FOOTBALL
RECRUIT IN THE COUNTRY.
I WANT YOU ON THE COVER
OF "SPORTS ILLUSTRATED,"
AND I GOT THE CONNECTIONS
TO MAKE IT HAPPEN.
DEPENDS ON HOW MANY
OF THESE DINNERS I GOT
TO SIT THROUGH.
- AHEM.
- THE BEST WAY TO BUILD
BEVERLY'S REP
IS BY RAISING
SPENCER'S PROFILE,
SHOWING THAT
THE EAGLES DON'T
JUST WIN TITLES.
WE KNOW HOW TO
PUT OUR PLAYERS ON
THE PATH TO STARDOM.
SO YOU WANT TO RUN
BEVERLY FOOTBALL
LIKE A DIVISION 1
COLLEGE PROGRAM?
THAT'S THE FUTURE.
RIGHT.
SO WHAT DO YOU SAY,
SUPERSTAR?
- SOUNDS LIKE A LOT OF WORK.
- IT IS.
THERE'LL BE PRESS,
OFF-SEASON EXHIBITIONS.
AND I GOT TO KEEP WINNING
CHAMPIONSHIPS, OF COURSE,
IN ADDITION TO ALL
THAT OTHER STUFF,
SO YOU AND THE EAGLES KEEP
WINNING EVEN AFTER I'M GONE.
THAT'S RIGHT.
AND YOU'RE NOT
OFFERING ME ANY MONEY?
'COURSE NOT.
SOUNDS LIKE THAT
PLANTATION LIFE,
MR. MOSLEY.
EXCUSE ME?
SPENCER: I SAID...
IT SOUNDS LIKE
YOU WANT ME TO
BE YOUR SLAVE,
AND MY ANSWER
IS HELL NO.
CLIFF: THE HELL DO YOU
THINK YOU TALKING TO, HUH?
YOU GONNA WALK OUT ON ME?
BILLY: EASY, CLIFF.
HEY, YOU WANT
A DRINK?
MORE FOR ME.
SORRY.
LOOKING FOR
THE BATHROOM, NOT--
HEY THERE,
BIRTHDAY GIRL.
- OH, HELL NO.
- OH, WAIT!
I'D SKIP THAT ONE.
BOY: COME ON, LIV!
JORDAN: SORRY.
ALREADY GETTING GOT.
GOOD FOR YOU,
BUT I NEED TO TALK
TO YOU, JORDAN BAKER.
OHH. HI, SIMONE.
YEAH, IF YOU JUST
GIVE ME A SECOND,
I CAN FIND YOU LATER.
NO, IT'S COOL.
I'LL WAIT.
NOT LIKING
YOUR PARTY, LIV?
WELL, I CAN'T LEAVE
THE KITCHEN
BECAUSE IT'S
THE ONLY PLACE
NO ONE'S TRYING TO
MAKE OUT WITH ME.
IT'S PURGATORY.
TOO BAD SPENCER
HASN'T SHOWN UP.
WHAT?
WELL, HE'S
SINGLE NOW,
AND HIDE AND GO GET IT
WOULD BE THE PERFECT CHANCE
FOR YOU TO MAKE
YOUR MOVE.
ALTHOUGH IF HE
CAME IN AND SAW YOU
ALONE WITH ALL THIS
BOOZE, HE MIGHT TRY TO
SEND YOU BACK TO REHAB.
WHAT IS WRONG
WITH YOU?
I DON'T KNOW, LIV.
MAYBE I'M PISSED THAT
MY SO-CALLED BEST FRIEND
AND EX TRIED TO
AMBUSH ME
WITH A FAKE
FAMILY REUNION
AND A CRAZY DOCTOR.
AND SO WHAT?
THIS PARTY'S WHAT?
PAYBACK?
WHAT'S THE PLAN?
YOU GONNA POISON
MY SELTZER
OR DANCE ME TO DEATH?
WE WERE JUST
TRYING TO HELP
BECAUSE WE CARE
ABOUT YOU, LAYLA.
IS THAT WHY
SPENCER GHOSTED
AFTER THE INTERVENTION
DIDN'T GO HIS WAY,
'CAUSE HE CARES?
WOW!
HIS DAD LEFT AGAIN
AND YOU'RE PISSED
THAT HE DIDN'T
TEXT YOU.
WHAT? COREY LEFT
TOWN AGAIN?
YEAH. HE LOST
BOTH OF YOU
IN LESS THAN
24 HOURS.
BUT HEY, WHAT
DO YOU CARE?
'CAUSE HE DESERVES
THE PAIN FOR
ACTUALLY DARING TO CARE
ABOUT YOU, RIGHT?
I CAN'T DO THIS
RIGHT NOW.
SPENCER, LET ME
TAKE YOU HOME.
I DON'T FEEL LIKE
GOING HOME.
PARTYING WITH
YOUR EX
WHILE YOU'RE IN
SELF-DESTRUCT MODE
IS NOT GONNA
END WELL.
LOOK, IF YOU'RE
NOT READY TO FACE
WHATEVER'S AT HOME,
WE CAN
GO SOMEWHERE
AND TALK.
I HAPPEN TO BE
WELL-VERSED ON
THE TOPIC OF
COMPLEX FATHER FIGURES.
FIRST TIME
MY POPS LEFT,
I STAYED UP ALL NIGHT
WONDERING WHY.
THAT HURT BURNED
A HOLE THROUGH ME
FOR YEARS.
I CAN'T GO THROUGH
THAT AGAIN.
I JUST WANT TO ACCEPT
THAT HE'S A BASTARD
AND MOVE ON.
WHY IS THAT SO HARD?
THE REASON PEOPLE
CLING TO THEIR HATE
SO STUBBORNLY
IS BECAUSE THEY SENSE
ONCE THE HATE IS GONE,
THEY'LL BE FORCED TO
DEAL WITH THE PAIN.
WHAT, ARE YOU
A SHRINK NOW?
I'M SOMEONE WHO READ
A JAMES BALDWIN QUOTE
ON TWITTER.
LOOK, YOU GOTTA
FACE IT, SPENCER.
THE QUESTIONS ABOUT
WHY HE LEFT,
THE PAIN, THE HURT.
THAT'S THE ONLY WAY
YOU'LL HEAL AND MOVE ON.
AND IF YOU CAN
FACE YOUR DEMONS,
I CAN, TOO.
WHAT YOU GOTTA FACE?
I LIED TO YOU
WHEN I TOLD YOU
SOMEONE TIPPED OFF
THE SCHOOL
ABOUT YOU LIVING
IN CRENSHAW.
THE CHAMPIONSHIP WAS
NEVER IN JEOPARDY.
I JUST WANTED YOU
FOCUSED ON BEVERLY.
I'M SORRY.
WELL, WHY'D YOU
DO IT?
WAS IT CLIFF?
NO, I JUST KNEW
THAT'S WHAT
HE WOULD WANT.
WHAT HE WOULD WANT.
WHAT ABOUT ME,
ROCHELLE?
MY DAD LOOMS
SO LARGE OVER MY LIFE
THAT I DO THINGS
I'M ASHAMED OF.
I LOSE SIGHT
OF MYSELF.
DON'T LET YOUR DAD
LOOM SO LARGE
THAT YOU LOSE
YOUR POWER
AND YOUR FUTURE.
YEAH, WELL, IT'S
A LITTLE LATE FOR THAT,
GIVEN WHAT JUST
HAPPENED AT DINNER.
YOU FACE YOUR DEMONS,
I'LL HANDLE MY DAD.
I OWE YOU THAT.
MAN: ♪ LAY MY SWEET CARESS... ♪
COME ON.
MAN: ♪ ... ABOVE MY HEAD ... ♪
♪ JUST LEAVE ME HERE,
JUST LEAVE ME HERE ♪
♪ JUST LEAVE ME,
JORDAN?
JORDAN, I'M LEAVING.
YOU BETTER BE
IN HERE.
HEY, LIV.
YOU OK?
YOU KINDA JUST
TOOK OFF.
YEAH, I JUST NEED
TO FIND JORDAN
'CAUSE WE
HAVE TO GO.
HEY, LOOK, THAT KISS?
YOU KNOW SHE JUST
DID THAT, RIGHT?
YEAH. YEAH, NO.
SHE WAS JUST USING YOU
TO GET BACK AT SPENCER
OR ME OR BOTH OF US.
I-I DON'T EVEN KNOW.
I MEAN, NOT THAT YOU,
YOU KNOW, KISSING HER,
REALLY, ANYONE WOULD
BE GETTING BACK
AT ME OR WHATEVER.
I NEED TO GO
GET A RIDE,
'CAUSE I THINK
JORDAN LEFT
WITHOUT ME, SO...
BEFORE YOU GO,
I HAVEN'T REALLY
HAD THE CHANCE
TO GIVE THIS TO YOU.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY.
A BURNER PHONE?
LIKE, FOR DRUG DEALERS?
A PREPAID CELL,
LIKE, FOR FRIENDS
WHO HAVE
LOST THEIR
PHONE PRIVILEGES.
I PROGRAMMED IN
YOUR SPONSOR AND ME.
AVAILABLE FOR
ICE CREAM DELIVERIES.
I LOVE IT.
THANK YOU.
- IT'S NO BIG THING.
- YEAH, IT IS.
IT'S MY ONLY GIFT.
LAURA: PARTY'S OVER!
OH, MY GOD.
THAT'S MY MOM.
COOP: YO, BOY.
SPENCER: OH!
COOP: AIN'T EASY TO SHAKE ME.
SPENCER: DAMN!
YO, SHUT UP.
YOU GONNA WAKE
THE WHOLE HOUSE UP.
WHAT THE HELL ARE
YOU DOING HERE, COOP?
OH, YOU AIN'T
ANSWERED NO TEXTS
OR CALLED BACK.
I WAS ABOUT TO LEAVE
A VOICEMAIL.
YOU KNOW I HATE
LEAVING VOICEMAIL.
MY BAD, ALL RIGHT?
I CAN'T LIE TO YOU,
AND I WASN'T READY
TO FACE THE TRUTH.
OK, AND NOW?
CAN YOU?
IT'S FROM MY POPS.
"SPENCER,
I'M SORRY FOR
"DOING THIS
TO YOU AGAIN.
"I KNOW WHAT YOU
MUST BE THINKING,
BUT YOU'RE WRONG.
"I LOVE YOU, SON.
"I WISH IT DIDN'T
HAVE TO BE THIS WAY
"BUT ONE DAY, I HOPE
YOU UNDERSTAND
"WHY I LEFT
THE WAY I DID,
AND MAYBE THAT DAY,
YOU'LL FORGIVE ME. DAD."
HOLD UP.
LET ME SEE THAT.
"ONE DAY, I HOPE
YOU'LL UNDERSTAND
WHY I LEFT
THE WAY I DID."
WHY NOT TELL ME NOW?
WHAT'S HE HIDING?
I DON'T KNOW.
I SHOULD'VE TALKED
TO DARNELL
WHEN HE CAME
LOOKING FOR ME.
HE SAID COREY HAD
TO HAVE A REASON.
WE PROBABLY COULD'VE
FIGURED THAT OUT TOGETHER.
OK, COOL, SO, LET'S
GO TALK TO DARNELL.
IT'S MAD LATE, COOP.
HE'D BE HOME.
WE THREW A COUPLE
PUNCHES LAST TIME.
BRO, REALLY?
I'M OUT YOUR ORBIT
FOR ONE DAY
AND YOU BACK
FIGHTING AGAIN?
COME ON, MAN.
I'LL KEEP Y'ALL
IN CHECK.
UH. THE DRIVER
WILL TAKE YOU HOME.
YOU'LL GET YOUR KEYS
BACK IN THE MORNING.
JJ, WHERE IS JORDAN?
UH, HONEST,
I REALLY DON'T KNOW,
MRS. B.
UH, I THINK
HE MIGHT'VE LEFT.
YOU THINK?
I'M GONNA GO CHECK
ALL THE ROOMS. AGAIN.
DID MR. KEATING TELL
YOU ABOUT THE PARTY?
NO. I TOLD
HIM ABOUT IT
AFTER LAYLA TEXTED ME
A PICTURE
OF YOU AND JORDAN
PARTYING.
LAYLA. OF COURSE
SHE DID.
MR. KEATING: YOU'RE COMING NOW!
LAYLA: LET GO OF ME!
I'M NOT LEAVING!
MR. KEATING: THIS IS
NOT A DISCUSSION, OK?
YOU LIED
TO ME, LAYLA.
LOOK WHO DECIDED
TO PLAY DADDY NOW.
IT'S A LITTLE LATE
FOR THAT.
ENOUGH, ALL RIGHT?
YOU'RE COMING HOME
WITH ME NOW.
WHAT HOME?
THE GLASS CASTLE
THAT WAS BROKEN INTO
OR THE HOTEL ROOM
YOU DIDN'T KNOW ABOUT
UNTIL YESTERDAY?
WE CAN TALK ABOUT
THIS LATER, OK?
NO, DON'T YOU
GET IT?
I DON'T HAVE
A HOME.
I DON'T HAVE SOMEWHERE
WHERE I FEEL SAFE.
ALL I HAVE ARE MEMORIES
OF A MOM I LOST
AND EVEN LESS MEMORIES
OF A FATHER
WHO ABANDONED ME.
SWEETHEART, I DON'T
THINK THAT THIS
IS THE TIME--
I'M SORRY.
WHO ASKED YOU
TO GET INVOLVED?
MAYBE GO FIX
YOUR OWN BROKEN FAMILY.
HONEY.
YOU'RE SUPPOSED TO BE
MY FRIEND.
MY REAL FAMILY.
AND YOU BETRAYED ME.
YOU WANT TO BRING
MY DAD BACK
SO YOU CAN TELL HIM
I'M BROKEN?
MAYBE I AM.
GUESS WHO BROKE ME.
YOU DON'T
MEAN IT.
LAYLA...
DON'T EVER,
EVER SPEAK
TO ME AGAIN.
I'M SORRY.
MR. KEATING: LAYLA.
HEY, MAN, AIN'T NO SIGN
OF DARNELL ANYMORE.
HE MUST'VE WENT TO HIS
AUNT'S IN NEVADA
AFTER ALL.
HE LEFT SOME
MAIL BEHIND.
THAT'S IT.
HEY, YOU DO KNOW
THAT'S A FEDERAL
OFFENSE, RIGHT?
WHATEVER. I'M JUST
PUTTING IT OUT THERE.
AMR GENETIC TESTING
AND DIAGNOSTICS LAB.
THAT SOUND LIKE
THAT 23 AND ME.
A COMPLETE
WASTE OF MONEY,
BY THE WAY.
ARE YOU GOOD, BRO?
WHAT? YOU THINK
THIS GOT SOMETHING
TO DO WITH DARNELL?
NO.
I THINK IT'S GOT TO DO
WITH SOMEBODY ELSE.
JORDAN.
WHAT ARE YOU
DOING HERE?
IT'S LATE.
I KNOW.
JUST, UH...
I JUST NEEDED, UH...
I REALLY
MESSED UP, DAD.
WHAT'S GOING ON?
YOU BEEN DRINKING.
YEAH. BUT I'M-I'M
NOT DRUNK.
OK? I PROMISE.
YOUR MOTHER
HAS NO IDEA
WHERE YOU ARE,
DOES SHE?
OF COURSE NOT.
COME ON.
WAIT, WAIT, WAIT,
PLEASE, PLEASE, NO.
CAN WE TALK FIRST?
NO, WE CAN'T TALK.
YOUR MOTHER'S RIGHT.
YOU ARE OUT OF CONTROL
AND I CAN'T KEEP
LETTING YOU TAKE
ADVANTAGE OF ME
BECAUSE I FEEL GUILTY.
DAD, I GOT A GIRL PREGNANT.
I'M SO SORRY.
I WAS AT THIS PARTY TODAY
AND THIS GIRL SIMONE,
SHE TOLD ME.
I-I DIDN'T EVEN KNOW
WHAT TO SAY TO HER.
I'M...I'M SORRY.
- OK.
- I REALLY, REALLY MESSED UP.
IT'S OK.
ALL RIGHT?
LOOK AT ME.
WE'RE GONNA FIGURE
THIS OUT TOGETHER.
- I DON'T KNOW WHAT TO DO.
- THAT'S ALL RIGHT.
- I DON'T KNOW.
- WE'RE GONNA FIGURE THIS
OUT TOGETHER, OK?
WE'RE GONNA FIGURE THIS
OUT TOGETHER.
IT'S ALL RIGHT.
NO, JORDAN.
I'VE BEEN WAITING
ALL NIGHT.
WHAT IS GOING ON?
BILLY: WHY DON'T YOU GO
UPSTAIRS, JORDAN.
YOUR MOTHER AND I
NEED TO TALK.
WHY ARE YOUR SUITCASES
IN MY HOUSE, BILLY?
YOU'RE RIGHT.
MY CHILDREN
DO NEED STRUCTURE
AND DISCIPLINE,
BUT THEY NEED THE BEST
OUT OF BOTH OF US,
AND I DON'T KNOW HOW
TO DO THAT
WHEN I'M SLEEPING
ACROSS THE 10.
YOU'RE NOT SERIOUS.
NO, BILLY,
YOU ARE NOT
MOVING BACK
INTO THE HOUSE.
I'VE GOT IT HANDLED.
OH, DO YOU?
YOU HAVE IT HANDLED?
-YES.
-BECAUSE JORDAN HAS
GOT A GIRL PREGNANT.
WHAT?
MM-HMM. PREGNANT.
SO...WHO'S WAITING
FOR THE NEWEST
"OORT SENTRY"?
I'M GOOD.
A'IGHT. I'LL READ IT
BY MYSELF.
HEY, WHAT'S
A JAYSTONIAN?
A PERSON FROM JAYSTONE.
NAH. OK.
AND IS IT BAD
THAT HEROES
ARE LYING...
- AAH!
- WHAT? WHAT?
SPOILERS, SPENCER!
BUT I NEED YOU TO
HELP ME REMEMBER
WHAT'S GOING ON,
LITTLE MAN.
ALL RIGHT.
ARIELENA AND HARROW.
ALL RIGHT...AHEM.
SO, THEY'RE
BOTH JAYSTONIANS.
- MM-HMM.
- BUT THEY HAVEN'T RETURNED
TO THEIR HOME WORLD
SINCE THEY
BROKE THE OATH
FROM THE Q?
NO WAY.
THAT'S, LIKE, A BIG ...
WHAT IS THIS PLACE?
IT'S DR. GURMAN'S
OFFICE.
YOUR APPOINTMENT
STARTS IN 5.
DAD, I WAS DRUNK
AT A PARTY
AND MADE A SCENE.
- IT DOESN'T MEAN--
- BUT YOU NEED HELP, LAYLA.
I SHOULD'VE
SEEN THIS COMING
AND DONE
SOMETHING SOONER.
WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT?
YOUR MOM.
SHE SUFFERED
FROM DEPRESSION.
WHY HAVE YOU
NEVER TOLD ME THAT?
WHAT DOES THAT HAVE
TO DO WITH ME?
DEPRESSION CAN BE
HEREDITARY, SWEETIE.
YOU ALWAYS SEEMED
SO STRONG.
I NEVER SAW
ANY SIGNS.
I SHOULD'VE
BEEN THERE.
BUT I AM NOW.
AND I'M GONNA
HELP YOU FACE THIS.
AND IT STARTS WITH
GOING IN THERE.
TOGETHER.
MAN: ♪ GIRL ♪
♪ PERFECTLY HER ♪
♪ BROKEN AND HURT ♪
♪ SOFT AND ASLEEP
IN THE MORNING GRAY ♪
♪ SHAKE OFF THE NIGHT
AND DON'T HIDE YOUR FACE ♪
DIDN'T KNOW THIS
THING GOT TEXTS.
GOT YOU THAT FANCY
FLIP PHONE.
AND THIS.
HA HA!
OOH. CAN NEVER
TURN DOWN ICE CREAM.
BUT YOU DO KNOW
MOST DELIVERY SERVICES
WAIT FOR THE PERSON
TO ORDER FIRST, RIGHT?
IT'S A BIT UNORTHODOX,
I KNOW.
BUT...I WAS
TIRED OF WAITING.
I REALLY HOPE THIS
ISN'T JUST IN MY HEAD,
BUT AFTER LAST NIGHT
AT THE PARTY,
I'M THINKING IT'S NOT.
MAN: ♪ GIRL ♪
DO YOU WANT ME
TO KISS YOU?
MAN: ♪ YOU'LL SEE THE WORLD ♪
PLEASE SAY
SOMETHING NOW.
MAN: ♪ AND YOU'LL
COME TO LEARN ♪
♪ THAT FALLING IN LOVE
IS A STRANGE WORK OF ART ♪
♪ ALL OF YOUR BATTLES
WILL SHAPE WHO YOU ARE ♪
♪ AND KNOW THAT YOUR SCARS
ARE MY FAVORITE PART ♪
♪ I WANT YOU TO KNOW THIS ♪
HE'S ASLEEP.
FINALLY. HEH.
THAT WAS SWEET OF YOU
TO TUCK HIM IN.
MA, I NEED TO
ASK YOU SOMETHING.
OK.
WHAT ABOUT?
UH...
IT'S A COPAY
FOR A GENETICS
TESTING LAB.
I DON'T KNOW WHAT
IT'S FOR, BUT I
FOUND IT AT
COREY'S HOUSE.
IS DILLON
COACH BAKER'S SON?
I'M SORRY, MAMA, BUT
THE MATH MAKES SENSE,
AND IT WOULD EXPLAIN WHY
DAD GOT MAD AND LEFT.
I JUST NEED
THE TRUTH, PLEASE.
OK.
THE TRUTH IS...
I DON'T KNOW
IF DILLON IS
BILLY OR COREY'S.
BUT THAT'S NOT WHY
YOUR FATHER LEFT.
HE MADE PEACE WITH IT.
HOW DO YOU KNOW?
HE'S THE ONE WHO DECIDED
NOT TO DO
THE PATERNITY TEST.
THEN IT WAS ME.
IF COREY AIN'T LEAVE
BECAUSE OF DILLON,
IT WAS ME.
- OH, HONEY, NO.
- NO, NO.
IF I'D AGREED
TO PLAY FOR HIM,
HE'D STILL BE HERE.
HE SAID HE WAS COOL
WITH ME STAYING
AT BEVERLY,
BUT MAYBE
HE WASN'T RIGHT?
MAYBE HE WASN'T.
WAS IT ALWAYS
JUST ABOUT FOOTBALL?
IS THAT WHY
HE CAME BACK?
WHAT, IT WASN'T
ENOUGH FOR ME
JUST TO BE
HIS SON?
WHY AM I NEVER
ENOUGH, MOM?
NO, HONEY,
YES, YOU ARE.
LISTEN. NO, NO, NO,
NO, NO, NO, NO.
LISTEN TO ME.
LOOK AT ME.
I CAN'T TELL YOU
WHY YOUR FATHER
DID WHAT HE DID.
BUT WHAT I ABSOLUTELY
KNOW FOR SURE
IS THAT YOU
ALWAYS HAVE BEEN
AND ALWAYS WILL BE
MORE THAN ENOUGH.
- NO.
- YES.
DO YOU HEAR ME,
SPENCER JAMES?
ALWAYS! ALWAYS.
COME HERE.
IT'S OK.
- MAMA.
- IT'S OK.
MAN: GREG, MOVE YOUR HEAD.